# MOOC DEGREES
A list of all the online courses I have taken which matches both an MBA as well as the set of courses taken in a traditional bioinformatics MS and took the liberty to add electives that I saw interesting and matched my educational goals. 

I  mainely took courses offered by Coursera as they accorded me financial assistance for the certifcates and I audited some on other plateforms as well. 

The MBA curriculum is inspired by the MBA program of Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania as it is one the best in the world and all almost their core courses are available on Coursera.

 Wharton Business school MBA curriculum can be found here : https://apps.wharton.upenn.edu/spike/mbaprogram/curriculum/curriculum_snapshot.pdf
 
 
 
 Masters Bioinformatics /health informatics coursework:
•	Introduction to Genomic Technologies
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/Z2S657R687ZF

•	Genomic Data Science with Galaxy
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/G24W3M7T3D3E

•	Command Line Tools for Genomic Data Science
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/G7UX37S866WG

•	Bioconductor for Genomic Data Science
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/HS3YNBB2M4BC

•	Statistics for Genomic Data Science
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/6ERX7U88XLMG

•	Algorithms for DNA Sequencing
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/SWSB342S6KU4

•	Python for Genomic Data Science
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/YFSLNUWKUXWC

•	Algorithmic Toolbox
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/PM4N6RVL65GU


•	Doing Clinical Research: Biostatistics with the Wolfram Languague
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/8HQGR22YEA84

•	HI-FIVE: Health Informatics For Innovation, Value & Enrichment (Administrative/IT Perspective)
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/Q7MAEVTTJ9BS

•	HI-FIVE: Health Informatics For Innovation, Value & Enrichment (Clinical Perspective)
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/Z3B7TS95NHYS

•	HI-FIVE: Health Informatics For Innovation, Value & Enrichment (Social/Peer Perspective)
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/2BL58GL4C94L

•	Introduction to TensorFlow for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/G25AHUBAN7LY

•	Convolutional Neural Networks in TensorFlow
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/4RHPWN95FRA5

•	Natural Language Processing in TensorFlow
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/QPXMNU76JXQL

•	Sequences, Time Series and Prediction
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/BNDARYL7ZTH2

•	Mathematics for Machine Learning: PCA
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/UHK8435T24TD

•	Mathematics for Machine Learning: Multivariate Calculus
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/RHBASGQE9FDA

•	Mathematics for Machine Learning: Linear Algebra
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/KMB5NXLCHXD7

•	Bayesian Statistics: From Concept to Data Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/TFXSV4QU876V

•	Mathematical Biostatistics Boot Camp 1
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/2AFLUL3KGPNP

•	Mathematical Biostatistics Boot Camp 2
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/7WPR4RNPDAS2

•	The Science of Stem Cells
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/S2EAXRTSC9JX

•	Genes and the Human Condition (From Behavior to Biotechnology)
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/XMRW3X85J7LJ

•	Introduction to Systems Biology
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/MPC9SXGDX84K

•	Experimental Methods in Systems Biology
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/39F3SCHKAXY2

•	Dynamical Modeling Methods for Systems Biology
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/E4HFQ3NCRKJV

•	Integrated Analysis in Systems Biology
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/Y7NJJDZGYCRG

•	Network Analysis in Systems Biology
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/WVQLLH3USS3Q

•	Neural Networks and Deep Learning
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/JXRSYAHMFG9N

•	Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/JGQQHYFW8REA

•	Structuring Machine Learning Projects
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/KLPS25EQX7H4

•	Convolutional Neural Networks
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/UWRZKXHJFR62

•	Sequence Models
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/9M32XQ77VRTX

•	Introduction to Data Science in Python
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/97LTHC5XKDTN

•	Applied Machine Learning in Python
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/WV8772GCTAEX

•	Applied Text Mining in Python
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/X4F5SXDKB9TP

•	Applied Social Network Analysis in Python
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/R62YXLU2GT2Q
•	Introductory Human Physiology

https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/FGY5VQ4AU2NK

•	Bioinformatic Methods I
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/RF6ZCZ8XM98G

•	Bioinformatic Methods II
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/N7LD2D8YTGNV

•	Introduction to Psychology
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/5QFTCZM95AGT

•	DNA Decoded
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/J3G2N7VPUK6X

•	Introduction to Translational Science
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/BPFZCTGJLDG9

•	Regression Modeling in Practice
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/AUQV2FWVHT2D

•	Data Analysis Tools
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/7QJJT6FMTX67

•	Data Management and Visualization
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/WM6MCZM9AA6R

•	Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/L8YZV2QXLW2H

•	Practical Time Series Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/259LM65F95SR

•	A Crash Course in Data Science
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/TXLH8HSKR9BT

•	Building a Data Science Team
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/PCYXDPVYYSLZ
•	Managing Data Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/SUGDSYFLJM5L

•	Data Science in Real Life
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/REA7F6MCBT5N

•	Executive Data Science Capstone
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/LUTXPG8CMX4E


•	Machine Learning for Data Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/78DCBXGDZ4GP


MBA electives: FINANCE 
•	Financial Engineering and Risk Management Part I
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/STDW3WXEYGNW

•	Financial Engineering and Risk Management Part II
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/6STQXJMQC27B

•	Stochastic processes
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/HPJDB5MRUSMU

•	The Language and Tools of Financial Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/P8ZL8FDAXVLR

•	Alternative Approaches to Valuation and Investment
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/YGKB9GV9ZNQ9

•	The Role of Global Capital Markets
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/VM3KJKPPZ7QM

•	Corporate Financial Decision-Making for Value Creation
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/ZJMMSWG4DEKG

•	Essentials of Corporate Finance Capstone
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/VAHCDFG2ZKWC

•	Securing Investment Returns in the Long Run
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/AXRDMCG9CHRG


•	FinTech and the Transformation in Financial Services
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/EX7ZYXTU6JKT

•	Behavioral Finance
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/NZRLBZVMTRLM

•	Computational Investing, Part I
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/BXCYMJAKUS45

•	Economics of Money and Banking
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/93R68K3WZFYY

•	Financial Markets
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/N4GXPRZ7CPQX

•	Private Equity and Venture Capital
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/AUTZKKGS6E6M


•	Portfolio and Risk Management
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/J35AJRQUDA95

•	Meeting Investors' Goals
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/QBN4WM96VD9G

•	Understanding Financial Markets
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/V2XK5W2TELML



MBA coursework :


•	Introduction to Marketing
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/SJDV79N58SB7

•	Introduction to Corporate Finance
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/3HMQN6ETUXM2

•	Introduction to Operations Management
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/2E39CG8VKFF4

•	Introduction to Financial Accounting
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/8E6BB7N56HZ4

•	Managing Social and Human Capital
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/66Z4WKCMATDE

•	Wharton Business Foundations Capstone

https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/HL69AXSVZLBL

•	Corporate Strategy
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/WKYE8LFZ3FAE

•	Business Writing
•	https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/T7W3YZFSK9FD

•	Successful Presentation
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/UTTWWWD5G37Z

•	Graphic Design
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/822N9YYHJHCY

•	Digital Transformation
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/SW7CFCDQEBAF

•	Customer-Centric IT Strategy
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/UFQJL5685RMF

•	Global Strategy I: How The Global Economy Works
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/RPRBWNW8T2FZ

•	Global Strategy II: Doing Business in The Global Economy
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/98QYYY58923C

•	Strategic Planning and Execution
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/6JAWV72T3TGP

•	Business Growth Strategy
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/36L7VVR9JED2

•	Digital Business Models
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/MXJ6QEGSFTD6

•	Fundamentals of Quantitative Modeling
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/MT6M9N2HCC3W

•	Introduction to Environmental Law and Policy
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/2EQYY6MQ3ER6

•	Healthcare Innovation and Entrepreneurship
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/YHYUPT5CQ6X6

•	Game Theory

https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/C5SVTM9AM5TM

•	Game Theory II: Advanced Applications
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/88P9H3WFJSVF

•	Leadership Through Design Innovation
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/QKPKLGE6K2Q4

•	The Power of Microeconomics: Economic Principles in the Real World
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/RLFH2Y63VSZ8

•	Global Trends for Business and Society
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/AY2FMKGTWGHQ

•	Social Entrepreneurship
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/PTNXZW3QWN69

•	Mindware: Critical Thinking for the Information Age
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/RM3P8T6DM8NW

•	Think Again I: How to Understand Arguments
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/9WE494A94CVZ

•	Think Again II: How to Reason Deductively
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/S2C6DK34YHCY

•	Think Again III: How to Reason Inductively
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/KAA68VFBJ5GK

•	Think Again IV: How to Avoid Fallacies
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/U5QQKUAMU2XF

•	The Power of Macroeconomics: Economic Principles in the Real World
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/HKSXFXKTJSV3

•	Investments II: Lessons and Applications for Investors
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/PGSU6QDPKF64

•	Corporate Finance II: Financing Investments and Managing Risk

https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/KJ44ZBQ5GKWQ

•	Réussir le Changement
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/QDYJ3PFS6YS3

•	International Leadership and Organizational Behavior
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/AVZK82XLKZ57

•	Operations Management: Strategy and Quality Management for the Digital Age
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/HRFHH859JUW3

•	Corporate Finance I: Measuring and Promoting Value Creation
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/6ZRUJCHAML3A

•	Social Impact Strategy: Tools for Entrepreneurs and Innovators
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/R88NVTXRX3A3

•	European Business Law: Understanding the Fundamentals
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/B7Y2TXMR84RU

•	European Business Law: Doing Business in Europe
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/UKJQPRC6RUP2

•	Model Thinking
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/BZ5YEWWQJZYP

•	Organizational Analysis
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/6AAJ5DQWY5NB

•	Quantitative Foundations for International Business
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/779TEMBX5K2A

•	Successful Negotiation: Essential Strategies and Skills
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/RG3VGANCFQYG

•	Six Sigma Principles
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/SW2Y2MQRUMBZ

•	Foundations of Business Strategy
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/TUCLHU8GC95C

•	Marketing Mix Implementation Capstone
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/MYSH8VJKHR3K

•	Scaling Operations: Linking Strategy and Execution
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/AASHWA9NBGR9

•	Leadership Communication for Maximum Impact: Storytelling
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/RAYT7BFE8PN7

•	Linear Regression for Business Statistics
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/94RS2U5SCZUC

•	Introduction to Data Analysis Using Excel
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/GRN6SAHFC7KX

•	Basic Data Descriptors, Statistical Distributions, and Application to Business Decisions
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/UT2DMMNLTBCZ


•	Business Applications of Hypothesis Testing and Confidence Interval Estimation
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/GSNS6KCUEUFU


•	The Art of Negotiation
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/C34JUY783PMG

•	Fundamentals of Management
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/UVMSLXDXFQJK

•	Finance for Non-Financial Professionals
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/TFF57JEEGG6Z

•	High-Impact Business Writing
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/DYF75Y944ADQ

•	Essentials of Entrepreneurship: Thinking & Action
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/WGPKJ4R65C9G

•	Work Smarter, Not Harder: Time Management for Personal & Professional Productivity
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/GUZPX5TSUJ7M


•	Communication in the 21st Century Workplace
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/AKJN3C676BNL

•	Effective Problem-Solving and Decision-Making
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/VPP8NRCJAJYH

•	Leadership Through Marketing
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/9G84QQGHQVBU

•	Project Management: The Basics for Success
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/SW7G6RVNRMBM

•	Entrepreneurship 1: Developing the Opportunity
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/F9F4BMQXYHKH

•	Entrepreneurship 2: Launching your Start-Up
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/NTGR528VQYND

•	Entrepreneurship 3: Growth Strategies
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/48SZXCHXWVF2

•	Entrepreneurship 4: Financing and Profitability
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/2H54YT7XAS4W

•	Advanced Competitive Strategy
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/GB97K8UXGTH2

•	Strategic Organization Design
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/762PE4PWKBQP

•	Data Visualization with Advanced Excel
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/3EZMPTHWBAL9

•	Problem Solving with Excel
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/SJ6D27BBX59Y

•	Data-driven Decision Making
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/84E4HGMCA7FD

•	Decision-Making and Scenarios
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/3YPT4TVREXU6

•	Modeling Risk and Realities
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/VVXHSX77A3LN

•	Content Strategy for Professionals: Capstone Project
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/C4GZLAVEJEMT

•	Organizational Leadership Capstone
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/XGKSWGUUGEUQ

•	Introduction to Spreadsheets and Models
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/AGMRFAQWU9N2



•	Digital Analytics for Marketing Professionals: Marketing Analytics in Practice
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/DMTSMBPTQEAW


•	Digital Marketing Capstone
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/926LWXN654E8


•	Project Management Project
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/EVLSBLBC2JY2

•	Pricing Strategy
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/6KXJ6YCE9YL7


•	Integrated Marketing Communications: Advertising, Public Relations, Digital Marketing and more
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/W5773NRYKF99

•	International Marketing Entry and Execution
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/552Q3MRCWUZT


•	International B2B (Business to Business) Marketing
       https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/QETC2MK8HVWX
       
       
•	International Hospitality & Healthcare Services Marketing
        https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/VW3CS8B53BQS
        
•	Channel Management and Retailing
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/FWXFN2E4FLFQ

•	Accounting Analytics
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/8HCDAMBAWADY

•	People Analytics
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/MW846JY36HTZ

•	Brand and Product Management
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/LBWZFQ5HLDJE

•	Social Marketing Capstone Project
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/X9PK47V4Q58X

•	What is Social?
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/4PD7GACURMS9

•	Engagement & Nurture Marketing Strategies
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/3Y8G3RNG75YL

•	The Business of Social
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/5AJHUDJQPTYR

•	Content, Advertising & Social IMC
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/MV6FGBLCEP8J

•	The Importance of Listening
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/VZ3JBBD5BYVL

•	Operations Analytics
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/G6S5HMBTUW4H

•	Customer Analytics
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/XWSQLJRUCH8P

•	Business Analytics Capstone
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/6KYQXCT3MQD3

•	Strategy Formulation
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/N93F2JMNAJX4

•	Strategy Implementation
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/GYVWX7NT275U

•	Strategic Management
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/TTL9ZDP5R3GQ

•	Strategic Management - Capstone Project
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/37WQMTS2LPPS

•	Leading People and Teams Capstone
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/6TG9FKLW5NA9

•	Leading Teams
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/2F5WRZ6CBJRJ

•	Influencing People
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/9MEE3QZGGH7C

•	Inspiring and Motivating Individuals
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/ZL8DR92KPFH4

•	Managing Talent
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/CJELGKPN82CH

•	Content Strategy for Professionals: Expanding Your Content’s Reach
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/TQA2NZ8SHF94

•	Content Strategy for Professionals: Ensuring Your Content's Impact
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/MZ3Y5L9WR8AH

•	Content Strategy for Professionals: Engaging Audiences
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/BVMFSUQVJZAX

•	Content Strategy for Professionals: Managing Content
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/QCFK8BPHJKVH

•	High Performance Collaboration: Leadership, Teamwork, and Negotiation
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/X5BSC4YPYDKA

•	Leadership Through Social Influence
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/8XF3C6HCYBYK

•	Intro to International Marketing
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/S9XGQUFR4KDC

•	Business Metrics for Data-Driven Companies
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/ADVGVS3HV7CJ

•	Marketing in a Digital World
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/AXFFP5Y3KMBV

•	Digital Media and Marketing Strategies
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/USLKTEVEUWXY

•	Digital Media and Marketing Principles
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/SX7X953YAAGS

•	Digital Analytics for Marketing Professionals: Marketing Analytics in Theory
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/ACZ4QWS7G98A

•	Managing Project Risks and Changes
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/CTY5DKW4S753

•	Initiating and Planning Projects
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/YWVR37BJWZLT


•	Budgeting and Scheduling Projects
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/B94Z5S65FVP9

























